okay yeah first well you coming today to
show you how I make my 343 never using a
donor cap and it don't care i'll be
using is my goal message think I
purchases from a local beauty supply
store um when I make mines when I create
minds what I do always take measurements
of my head so that my don't count will
be more likely to fit actually then too
big or too small okay now took
measurements of my head and it's kind of
rolling down some you guys can see I
measured my head from front to back from
there from there from an ape to the top
of where I did my anchor break just kind
of showing me how much time to cut out
then I measure from the ear to ear and
then around the front of my head so this
these are measures I'll be going off on
measure like two and a half and s21 half
right there so sometime I'm 13 from here
to ear
13 stops about excuses stockholm space i
don't know what happened today I left it
one day and came back and hit market i
love it 13 is right here so what you
mean i will actually pull my side up of
it starts hanging right there so I
Mutiny's I guess you call them t pins
about them into the salon section of
Walmart normal management product about
13 stops right here so what I'll do I
actually pull this all these night the
dumb cop I'm are you part where X will
be to the Exile 13 stops right here so I
will
in our to excuse it I don't know what
happened some formations I got 13 I made
the 13 from 80 air21 a half around the
head and then 13 for front to back that
10 is what I mares your night actually
kind of marked with my white pencil I
know exactly where the spot when I
started um for my tricks I'll be back in
a second ok I'm back I couldn't find my
whites um fabric pencil or marker
whatever so i'm using my child's broken
white crayon anything to mark just so i
can know where I'm going but um anyways
it manages him from the back from the
night to the top of my ankle breaker I
used 1i inca break some measure right
here until your stops
Cain stops about there so I'm just going
to put a little more not right here I
use a word my part on the left side so
I'm a kind of extended out to the live
okay i assume i will be using some um I
by using my little vampire to school for
Walmart it is a hot temperature um going
either using my sticks hot temperature
sticks ok so I'll stick into the pan
right here at just 40 plus of here just
let me be more secure woman 2 i'm
actually start but um going on a trip on
the underside of this my down cap
I talk about from right here to my right
down
under me using this hair right here i'll
be using two bundles of clean hair
product and you never using two bundles
of um I'm using two bundles of my
divalicious rejigging here
you